This project is a mapping visualization for the print history of Andreas Vesalius's/Andries van Wesel's seminal 16th century anatomy textbook, _De Humani Corporis Fabrica_ (_On the Fabric of the Human Body_), as well as that of its copycats. The intitial (and current, unless I revise it and forget to update this) version of the visualization is based on data sourced from a number of Western European databases and national library catalogues, namely the French Système Universitaire de Documentation; the Bavarian State Library's VD 16, VD 17, and VD 18; the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology's Karlsruher Virtueller Katalog; the Italian EDIT16 and OPAC-SBN; the United Kingdom's Jisc Library Hub Discover; The National Library of the Netherlands' KB-catalogus; and the University of St. Andrews' Universal Short Title Catalogue. I collected this data from each database by searching for all works including "Vesalius" in the author field with listed publication dates between the years 1543 and 1800, then going through each result to determine if it 1) could reasonably called "a _Fabrica_" or an imitation/adaptation, and not one of Vesalius's other works or something else entirely unrelated, and 2) claimed attribution in some form to Vesalius. For each listing that satisfied these paramaters, I recorded the title, authors, printers, publication date, and publication location listed for the work.

Much of the code for this project was adapted from class examples from Dr. Chris Bryan's "CSE 494: Foundations of Data Visualization" course, which I took at ASU during Fall 2022. The tooltip is modified from GitHub user d3noob's implementation in a code sample for their book, _D3 Tips and Tricks v7_, and the .json used to provide the map graphic is from Ash Kyd's https://geojson-maps.kyd.au/. 

Potential future directions for this project include implementing new features to allow the visualization to express more complex information about the data, expanding the dataset, building a configurable scraper to automate data collection from a variety of online catalogues, and refining the visual presentation to enhance both the aesthetics and the functional readability of the visualization.
